# vim: ts=8 sw=4 et: 

 $Id$

o On the Alpha, the SP ($30) is set back in the epilog before the return
  address is fetched from the stack. It must be the other way round.

        addq $30, 16, $30       /* deallocate frame */
        ldq $0, -16($30)        /* fetch return address */
        mov $0, $26; ret ($26)  /* return */

o Some gross hacks in the Alpha backend: prolog code emitted in 
  alphaasm.nw. Unsatisfying representation and recognition of call and
  return. Must be fixed with more general design.

o Provide more systematic interface to calling convention analysis
  functions in automatongraph.nw. A better module name would not hurt
  either. 

o Clarify signed/unsigned conversion in Bits. The documentation there
  seems out of date with what is really happening.

o Block.cathl, Block.overlap: Both these functions should take any number
  of args, which could be blocks or lists of blocks.  Default width if it
  turns out empty should be backend.target.wordsize.  This may be easier
  to program in Lua than Caml.

o : nr@labrador 11691 ; ./tqc hello.c--
  file hello.c--, line 7, character 21 - line 11, character 4 Error: types of
  +initial values do not match declared type
  Error: compilation aborted because of errors.
  Error: Exit with exit code 1

  Several things about the error message should be improved:

      * the source coordinates use too much space
      * the message should give both types in question
      * the last line of the message serves no useful purpose that I can see
      * I'm skeptical about the penultimate line also

o frame layout and use of the stack pointer to support tail calls
  on x86

o test cases and stack measurements for tail vs non-tail on x86

o Lua support for calling conventions 

o calling convention and frame layout for sparc as a hard test
  case

o calling conv and layout for other platforms?

o fix Bits to use the Uint64 operations when needed (e.g., in ltu)
  Drop Uint64.add and Uint64.sub, since they are identical to the
  Int64 versions.

o Test suite:  

    improve quality and understanding of test suite

    `short': excludes the long tests; run by lazy developers

    `test': includes all tests, but runs a test on multiple targets only when
              it is actually useful to do so; run by thorough developers

    `redundant': everything; run by the nightly cron job


    Of course, we'll need additional rules for specific tests, e.g., run
    just the x86-assembly tests, but this is a start.

o move knowledge of symbols entirely into the assembler, and expunge
  Symbol.t from the front end of the compiler.  Arrange for
  unannounced symbols to be local by default.

o Alter Idgen so that generated symbols, if they make to the assembly
  language, begin with "L". (may ultimately have to property of the assembler)

o provide a much more flexible writedot function: first parm is name of
  file to write, or stdout if left nil second parm is table with fields
  compress and live, or both false if left nil table should also support
  other dot properties...     figure out correct strategy to use this
  function in the pipeline, then, finally expunge Asm.dot

o Make the front end aware of the target and make these enhancements:

      * Front end must reject unknown calling convention, unknown registers.
      
      * Front end must check the calling convention of a jump is the same as
        the enclosing procedure. 
      
      * The target must advertise to the front end the maximum alignment it
        can support in stackdata.  This is tough because it's a cc property.
        Then the front end can issue a sensible error message instead of a
        core dump.
  

o retire Bitops.nw, moving any useful stuff into Bits

o Introduce an abstract type for link-time constant expressions, which
  can be freely converted to Rtl.exp, but which only an assembler can
  build from an Rtl.exp.  (The rep can be Rtl.exp).  Then introduce an
  assembler method that converts from Rtl.exp to linkexp option.  In
  the front end, use this method to check that initialized data is
  handled correctly.  Use the Reladdr module to build a `standard'
  implementation that most assemblers will use, and finally expunge
  the Reloc module.

o add assembler support for querying whether an expression is a
  link-time constant expression, and use Rtl.exp as the interface for 

o possible demo back end for another platform (estimate difficulty)

o fix bug in astasm: 8-bit initialized data is rendered as 32-bit
  data.  Also, too many top-level sections for readability.

o use least common multiple for alignment in memalloc (careful special cases)
  or else be sure that every alignment is a power of 2

o place variables using automata --- start with stack placement

o in Luaiolib, make open and close conform to Lua 4.0 or something else
  rational.

